[Autogenerated] So what's the animal look like?
That the composed tool generates?
Let's dive in here.
So we started with our Docker Compose file,
and we've already seen the two services.
And then we had the output folder,
which then put our deployments and our services.
So let's start with one of the services.
First off,
one of the things you're gonna notice composed us is it puts labels and
annotations that use either Iowa composed or just composed.
So you'll notice that in the annotations it said this was created with,
and then it gives the command we ran and the version of composed Now for me,
that's not something I ever need.
So I can just pretty much delete that creation.
Timestamp is null, so you could certainly go in and add a valid timestamp.
But if you don't care, you can also delete that and then notice that has a label.
I'll compose service in genetics.
So that's one of those things you could either keep the label as is,
Or maybe you just go ahead and name it with a name that you prefer.
It shows the name of our service and our Docker Compose
file as the name for this service here,
which that works pretty well and then notice it Put in the ports.
Now, Another thing you're gonna notice here is that this is a cluster IP service.
It has a status of load balancer,
but the actual type that you'll see up here well,
there isn't one, which means it defaults to a cluster.
IP.
Now, if we go into the node one, it's gonna look almost identical.
You'll notice that we have the ports down here.
We have the annotations, which you probably don't need, and then the labels.
You may change, but other than that,
it's a pretty good starting point for a service.
Let's take a look at the engine next deployment.
Alright, So same story.
And this is what you're gonna find with all the files that
generates is gonna have the annotations.
The labels always follow with what you just saw.
We didn't say the number of replicas, so it defaulted to one.
And then here we go.
Here's one of the match labels were going to select.
And if we scroll on down,
you'll notice that we have our labels down here of
iOS composed services engine NICs.
Maybe that's what you like.
Maybe it's not what you like for me.
Personally,
I prefer to change those to my more friendly names and more specific names.
I'll show you an example of that in just a moment here,
but most of this I can leave again.
It gives you a really good starting point.
It's not perfect, but it's definitely better than writing this all on your own.
Now, here's what I ended up doing the with the actual running version.
So in the K H s, which is the folder I normally create, I have similar things.
If we go into the service, for example,
now you'll see that I kept it pretty basic.
My labels instead of the Iot Docker Compose are just app engine X, for example.
I made the type.
It's a load balancer in this particular case because this is on Port 80.
So I wanted something that reflects a little more real world.
If we go into the deployment for this, you'll see again up top my labels.
My name's all that's pretty similar to what you saw, except for the labels.
So basically it was a little cleanup on the annotations and the labels,
which is totally optional.
You could absolutely leave what they generate.
If you're happy with that again,
it really depends on how you do things at work and the
structure of your XAML on how you like to name your
different labels and annotations and such.
Now, if you want to run this one,
I would recommend using the kind of final version of the K s content.
And if we go into the read me and scroll on down towards the bottom
here I have a section for you running in kubernetes.
Pretty straightforward.
You're gonna build the images with Docker Compose build and then you're
simply going to do kubectl apply dash F and then give it that folder
and then you could just go to local host.
That'll hit Port 80 and load up the app as you already saw earlier.
So let's go ahead and do that real quick to wrap up,
so I'll go ahead and open in terminal.
I've already done a Docker Como's build,
so we'll save that step and then we'll do our normal kubectl
apply and then I'll give it the folder.
We'll go ahead and create that resource.
Looks pretty good.
Now let's go check out local host in the browser and let
me go ahead and refresh all right, and it looks like we're up and running.
So that's the general process that occurred with this particular app to
convert from Docker Compose services to Kubernetes XAML,
and you can see that the composed tool makes that a lot easier and a lot more productive.